hey that's going you're done you're the
guys will be throwing me yeah even
dressed up for the occasion yes it's
going to move I'm a ninja
self-explanatory oh yeah
see the difference to me and railer
ninjas I'm a Christian ninja I got saved
exactly what happened to me
see I can't but think that's thinks I
can't kill anybody I can't do anything
like that except I slipped up last week
I'll admit I'm sorry these guys they
just they looked at me the wrong way man
I'm just I can't I can't take you think
they gave me the eye so I just had to
destroy them but I it's cool because I
asked God for forgiveness and I guess
you know everything's cool after that
cuz you know well Heavenly Father will
give me forgiveness if I ask you you
know that's how it goes
lately but remember this one guy
downtown walking down the street he just
gave me the look like I said before the
look the eye
dude just throwing star right to his
hand pin him up against the wall oh wait
oh he's still there
back is it cool down
you
hey how's it going on I got them down I
got him down I'm sorry I'm sorry
did you guys hear sirens can you let me
know cuz I gotta get going on yeah like
I said being a Christian ninja it's
pretty cool thing but just like our
motto says kill or be killed
wait no good save or be safe that's it I
had I have to change it and still trying
to get away from old ways but I'm gonna
tell you something do you want to join
if you want to when the Christian ninja
team there's three things you got to do
you got to be stealthy you got to be a
killer wait now I'm sorry that's not it
you guys that stealthy you gotta believe
in God you gotta know when to do the
right thing that's how you be a
Christian engine
welcome a minute
what look what's this stop stop filming
me I'm gonna stop man stop stop just